*
- THIS IS HUMILIATING, DAD.
- WELL, NOT AS HUMILIATING
AS BEING THE PARENT
OF THE ONLY CHILD SENT
HOME FROM HIS SCHOOL WITH LICE.
- THAT SHAMPOO SMELLS
LIKE URINAL CAKES.
- SMELLING LIKE A MEN'S ROOM
IS A SMALL PRICE TO PAY
FOR RIDDING YOUR SCALP
OF PARASITES.
- HOW DID I GET LICE,
ANYWAYS?
- YOU TELL ME.
YOU COME IN CONTACT
WITH ANYTHING
OUT OF THE ORDINARY LATELY?
- NO, UNLESS YOU COUNT
THAT SQUIRREL
WITH THE FOAMY MOUTH
I'VE BEEN PLAYING WITH.
- WELL, IT'S A GOOD THING
THEY SENT YOU HOME.
ALL IT TAKES
IS ONE UNCLEAN CHILD
TO START
A FULL-BLOWN OUTBREAK.
- WHAT'S AN OUTBREAK?
- IT'S WHEN AN ILLNESS
IS PASSED FROM PERSON TO PERSON
UNTIL IT BECOMES WIDESPREAD.
- HOW'S IT PASSED?
- WELL, ONE COULD COME IN
CONTACT WITH A SICK PERSON
OR MAYBE EVEN SOMETHING
THEY'VE TOUCHED.
- LIKE A COMB?
- EXACTLY, LIKE A COMB.
WAIT.
WHY DID YOU SAY COMB?
- BECAUSE I USED YOURS
THIS MORNING.
_ SH--
SHAWN...?
OH, MY GOD...
DAMN IT.
- I DON'T KNOW
WHAT SMELLS WORSE,
THAT BREAKFAST BURRITO
OR THOSE NACHO CHEESE CORNNUTS
YOU USED TO EAT.
- LET'S DO A SMELL TEST.
HERE, CLOSE YOUR EYES.
- DUDE, I DEMAND TO KNOW
WHAT'S GOING ON WITH YOU.
- WHATEVER DO YOU MEAN?
- WHY ARE YOU
EATING STINKY FOOD
AND DRESSED LIKE YOU'RE
ABOUT TO GO TAILGATING?
- I'LL TELL YOU EXACTLY WHY.
BECAUSE I CAN.
- OKAY, I GET IT.
SO NOW THAT YOU'RE SINGLE,
YOU'RE DOING ALL THE THINGS
ABIGAIL WOULDN'T LET YOU DO
WHILE YOU WERE DATING.
- YOU NAILED IT.
WHICH IS WHY I'M TIVOING
BLAME IT ON RIO AS WE SPEAK.
AND DUDE...
MY FAVORITE RINGER IS BACK.
- PLEASE TELL ME IT'S NOT.
[cell phone playing
Wreckx-N-Effect's Rump Shaker]
- * JUST SHAKE YOUR RUMP
I ALSO PUT MY FAVORITE PIECE
OF ART BACK ON THE WALL.
- IT'S NOT ART, SHAWN.
IT'S A POSTER OF A HOT BLONDE
LAYING ON A CORVETTE
THAT SAYS "HAULING ASS."
- OH, IF IT'S NOT ART,
WHY DID I INSURE IT
FOR HALF A MILLION
DOLLARS?
- BECAUSE YOU'RE AN IDIOT.
- GUYS?
- HI!
-JULES!
- WHAT'S UP?
OH, WHY DOES IT SMELL
LIKE OLD DIAPER?
- BEATS ME.
WHAT'S UP WITH YOU?
- AH, I'M ACTUALLY MEETING
THIS GUY FOR COFFEE.
- YOU MEAN, LIKE A--
LIKE A DATE?
- I GUESS YOU COULD
CALL IT THAT.
- WELL, WHAT IF WE DIDN'T?
- OH, IT'S WITH RICHARD.
FROM FORENSICS.
- OH, YEAH, YEAH.
- OH, WE KNOW RICHARD
FROM FORENSICS.
HE'S THE GUY
WITH THE BIG, UH...
YOU KNOW THAT GIANT, GIANT,
SET OF, UH...
- EARS?
- OH, NO.
I'VE NEVER NOTICED HIS EARS.
YOU KNOW ME,
MR. NON-JUDGMENTAL.
- HE ALSO GOES BY
MR. DOBALINA.
- MR. BOB DOBALINA.
- WELL, I'M ACTUALLY
RUNNING LATE.
SO MAYBE
I'LL SEE YOU GUYS LATER.
- BYE, JULES.
GOOD LUCK!
- JEALOUS MUCH?
- OF WHO?
RICHARD?
THE MAN LOOKS LIKE A CAB
WITH ITS DOORS OPEN.
- PLEASE, THAT'S WHY
YOU WERE ALL--
"WHAT DO YOU MEAN,
LIKE A DATE?"
- ALL RIGHT, FIRST OF ALL,
YOU HAVE TO STOP USING
THE "I'M NOT FALLING FOR NO
BANANA IN MY TAILPIPE" VOICE
EVERY TIME YOU IMITATE
A WHITE PERSON.
SECONDLY, I'M A GROWN MAN,
I AM CONFIDENT,
AND I CAN ADMIT THAT, YES,
I'M A LITTLE JEALOUS.
- SO WHY DON'T YOU FINALLY
DO SOMETHING ABOUT IT?
SHE DOESN'T SOUND TOO KEEN
ON THE GUY.
BESIDES, YOU'RE NOT GE'I'I'ING
ANY YOUNGER, YOU KNOW.
- YES, BUT MY HAIR
IS GETTING THICKER.
AND I HAVE SEEDS TO SOW.
DON'T WORRY,
GUY-WHO-USES-WORDS-LIKE-"KEEN."
THERE IS PLENTY OF TIME
FOR ME AND JULES.
- [loud snoring]
- ALL RIGHT.
WHAT IS THIS?
AHEM!
- HEY!
OH, HEY.
NICE TO MEET YOU GUYS.
UH, I'M DONNY LIEBERMAN.
- DID YOU HAVE A FEW COCKTAILS
FOR BREAKFAST THERE, DONNY?
- OH, NO.
DO I REEK?
YEAH, I WENT OUT LAST NIGHT,
GOT KINDA WASTED.
- YOU SMELL LIKE TEQUILA.
- WHICH IS STILL PREFERABLE
TO THOSE CORNNUTS.
- THAT'S JUST A LIE.
- LOOK, YOU GUYS GOTTA
HELP ME.
OKAY?
BECAUSE I MESSED UP.
I MEAN, I REALLY, REALLY
MESSED UP.
- IT'S NOT YOUR FAULT.
- OH, GOOD.
HOW DO YOU KNOW?
- I DON'T.
BUT WHEN PEOPLE SAY THAT
IN MOVIES,
THINGS SEEMED TO GET FIXED
ALMOST MAGICALLY.
- HERE'S THE DEAL.
I WORK FOR A COURIER SERVICE
THAT SPECIALIZES
IN THE TRANSPORT
OF BIOMEDICAL MATERIALS.
AND YESTERDAY I WAS TOLD TO
PICK UP A COOLER FROM A LAB
CALLED GENUTECH, TAKE IT BACK
TO MY HOTEL BY THE AIRPORT,
THEN FLY TO CDC HEADQUARTERS
IN ATLANTA THIS MORNING.
BUT LIKE AN IDIOT,
I WENT OUT.
AND WHEN I
WOKE UP THIS MORNING,
THE COOLER WAS GONE.
AND I HAVE NO IDEA WHAT
I DID WITH IT,
BECAUSE I WAS SO DRUNK,
THE ENTIRE NIGHT'S A BLUR.
- IT'S NOT YOUR FAULT.
- SHAWN.
WHAT EXACTLY
WAS IN THE COOLER?
- KIDNEY?
OOH!
THE DISEMBODIED SOUL
OF MARSELLUS WALLACE?
- OKAY, PLEASE KNOW THAT
I WOULD HAVE NEVER GONE OUT
HAD I KNOWN AT THE TIME
WHAT WAS INSIDE THE COOLER.
- DON NY, WHAT WAS
IN THE COOLER?
- UH, THE--
THE THORNBURG VIRUS.
- THE THORNBURG VIRUS?
- THORNBURG...
WHAT DOES THIS HAVE TO DO WITH
RICHARD CHAMBERLAIN?
- THAT'S THE THORN BIRDS.
THORNBURG IS AN EXTREMELY
RARE VIRUS
THAT USUALLY TARGETS PEOPLE
IN AFRICA--
WHICH MAKES IT RACIST,
BY THE WAY.
- LET ME GET THIS STRAIGHT.
YOU HIT THE TOWN.
YOU GOT SLOPPY DRUNK.
PASSED OUT.
WOKE UP WITHOUT A VIRUS?
ISN'T IT USUALLY
THE OTHER WAY AROUND?
- NORMALLY
I WOULD NOTIFY THE POLICE
OR THE CDC
IN A SITUATION LIKE THIS.
BUT I WAS JUST THINKING THAT
MAYBE IF WE FIND IT FIRST,
THEN NO ONE
HAS TO BE THE WISER.
- IS THERE ANYTHING ELSE BESIDES
THE COOLER THAT'S MISSING?
- YES, MY ANTIQUE GOLD WATCH
GIVEN TO ME BY MY FATHER.
- DONNY, IF SOMEONE
WERE TO OPEN THIS COOLER,
WHAT WOULD HAPPEN, EXACTLY?
- UH, WELL,
UH, IF SOMEONE
WENT SO FAR AS TO TOUCH
THE CONTENTS OF THE VIAL,
THAT, UH--OOH, THAT WOULD
NOT BE GOOD.
- HOW NOT GOOD
ARE WE TALKING?
- WELL, THORNBURG
MOVES PRETTY QUICKLY
ONCE YOU HAVE IT, YOU KNOW?
AND THERE'S
A HOST OF SYMPTOMS.
THERE'S HEADACHES,
WEAKNESS, BLEEDING--
SOMETIMES EVEN FROM THE EYES.
- EXCUSE ME, MISS.
MISS?
[The Friendly Indians'
I Know You Know]
*
* IN BETWEEN THE LINES
* THERE'S A LOT OF OBSCURITY
* I'M NOT INCLINED
TO RESIGN TO MATURITY *
* IF IT'S ALL RIGHT
* THEN YOU'RE ALL WRONG
* BUT WHY BOUNCE AROUND
TO THE SAME DAMN SONG? *
* YOU'D RATHER RUN
WHEN YOU CAN'T CRAWL *
*
* I KNOW YOU KNOW
* THAT I'M NOT
TELLING THE TRUTH *
* I KNOW YOU KNOW
* THEY JUST DON'T HAVE
ANY PROOF *
* EMBRACE THE DECEPTION
* LEARN HOW TO BEND
* YOUR WORST INHIBITIONS
* TEND TO PSYCH YOU OUT
IN THE END *
- DUDE, WE SHOULD
COME BACK HERE
AND HANG OUT
WITH OUR SKATEBOARDS.
- WOW, I HAVE NEVER SEEN
THE TWO OF YOU ARRIVE
SO FAST AT A POLICE SCENE.
- WELL, YOU'VE NEVER SEEN US
CALLED TO ONE
WITH A GRAPE SLUSHIE MACHINE
IN THE BACK EITHER.
- IS IT TRUE
THAT THE WOMAN WHO DIED
HAD BLOOD DRIPPING
FROM HER EYE?
- YEAH, IT'S REALLY FREAKY.
SHE'S RIGHT THERE.
THERE'S NO I.D. ON THE BODY YET.
PROBABLY JUST ANOTHER JUNKIE.
- WHOA!
HOLD UP, HOLD UP.
- I'M GETTING SOMETHING.
GRANTED, THIS COULD BE SOME
KIND OF PAVLOVIAN BRAIN FREEZE
CAUSED BY
THE SLUSHIE MACHINE BUT--
NO, THIS IS REAL.
DRUGS DID NOT KILL THAT WOMAN.
IT WAS THE THORN BIRDS VIRUS.
- DO YOU MEAN THORNBURG?
- WHAT HE SAID.
- THE THORNBURG VIRUS.
I STUDIED THAT IN SCHOOL.
BUT HAS THERE EVER BEEN A CASE
IN THE U.S.?
- NO, THERE'S NOT ENOUGH
BLACK PEOPLE.
- THERE'S NEVER BEEN A CASE
IN THE US. BEFORE TODAY.
HAS ANYONE TOUCHED THAT BODY?
- NOT YET.
STILL WAITING FOR THE CORONER'S
OFFICE TO GET HERE.
- I STRONGLY SUGGEST
NO ONE GO NEAR IT
UNLESS THEY'RE WEARING
ONE OF THOSE BIG, UH,
CUMBERSOME STAY PUFT
PROTECTIVE SUITS.
- HAZMAT?
- JULES, PLEASE DON'T
MAKE UP WORDS.
- SPENCER, I'M NOT ABOUT
TO CREATE MASS HYSTERIA
JUST BECAUSE YOU SAW OUTBREAK
THIS WEEKEND.
- DUDE, I SAW THAT MOVIE ONCE,
LIKE, TEN YEARS AGO.
AND I MISSED THE FIRST
23 MINUTES ALTOGETHER.
- HE HAS AN IRRATIONAL FEAR
OF PATRICK DEMPSEY.
- IT'S VERY RATIONAL.
IT'S RATIONAL.
EITHER OF YOU WATCH
GREY'S ANATOMY?
THE MAN IS COMPLETELY
TERRIFYING.
- YOU'RE JUST JEALOUS
OF HIS HAIR.
- WELL, THERE'S THAT.
- THERE'S ONLY THAT.
- TRUST ME, LASSIE,
I'M GETTING
A VERY CLEAR SIGNAL ON THIS.
- THORNBURG VIRUS.
THERE IS NO WAY.
RIGHT, O'HARA?
- STEP AWAY FROM THAT BODY.
THAT'S AN ORDER.
- O'HARA!
- I DON'T WANT TO TAKE
THE CHANCE THAT HE'S WRONG.
I'M GONNA CALL THE CDC.
- YOU WERE RIGHT TO RAISE
THE POSSIBILITY, SHAWN,
EVEN IF IT TURNS OUT THAT
WASN'T THORNBURG THAT GOT HER.
- I DON'T THINK
WE'RE GONNA GET THAT LUCKY.
- DONNY!
- DOES THIS WOMAN
LOOK FAMILIAR TO YOU?
- UH, NO.
IS SHE DEAD?
- AS A BAG OF ROCKS.
- IT'S DUMB
AS A BAG OF ROCKS, SHAWN.
- GUESS WHAT SHE WAS WEARING
ON HER WRIST, DONNY?
- DON'T KNOW.
- YOUR WATCH.
- 5-50 I KILLED HER?
OH, GOD.
THE TEQUILA.
IT TURNED ME INTO TED BUNDY.
- NO, DONNY.
YOU'RE NOT TED BUNDY.
YOU DIDN'T KILL HER.
NOT DIRECTLY.
- THERE WAS BLOOD DRIPPING
FROM HER EYE.
- SHE HAD THORNBURG?
- IT'S A POSSIBILITY.
IF SHE HAD YOUR WATCH, SHE MAY
ALSO HAVE HAD YOUR COOLER.
- OH, GOD.
OH, GOD, NO!
OH, NO, GOD!
OH, GOD--
- DON NY, BREATHE.
STOP.
BREATHE IN.
BREATHE OUT.
IN, OUT.
HERE, CHEW THIS GUM.
- MMM, IT'S DELICIOUS.
- EXPLOSION OF FLAVOR, RIGHT?
- DELICIOUS.
- YEAH.
NOW LISTEN.
IF WE'RE GONNA
RETRIEVE YOUR COOLER,
WE HAVE TO FIGURE OUT
WHO THIS WOMAN IS.
ARE YOU SURE YOU'VE NEVER
SEEN HER BEFORE?
- I--I DON'T KNOW.
- CONCENTRATE, MAN!
- YES, SIR.
OH, WE WERE DRINKING TOGETHER
LAST NIGHT.
- GREAT.
WHAT ELSE?
- WE WERE EATING.
CHICKEN KATSU.
- YUMMY, APRICOT SAUCE?
- SHAWN!
- DO YOU REMEMBER
WHERE YOU WERE?
- NO.
NO, BUT--
THE PLACE HAD A BUNCH OF--
TIKI TORCHES!
ARE YOU SURE
THIS IS THE PLACE?
- I'M ABSOLUTELY POSITIVE,
DONNY.
MY PSYCHIC SENSES
ARE NEVER OFF.
- AND THIS IS THE BAR
IN YOUR HOTEL.
- WHAT--OKAY,
I'M NEVER DRINKING AGAIN.
- THERE HE IS.
THERE'S THE GUY.
- I HAVE SOMETHING OF YOURS.
- YOU DO?
- YEAH, HERE IT IS.
- NO, LEAVE IT!
- NO!
- YOU REMEMBER WEARING
THIS THING?
YOU WERE LIKE, "CHECK ME OUT.
I'M RAINBOW MAN."
- YOU'RE A MADMAN.
- HEY, LET ME BUY YOU
AND YOUR FRIENDS A DRINK.
- I'LL HAVE A CLUB SODA
WITH THREE PINEAPPLE WEDGES.
AND IF YOU CAN GET
THE HIPPY HIPPY SHAKE GOING,
FLIP A FEW GLASSES AND
INTRODUCE ME TO ELIZABETH SHUE,
THERE'S AN EXTRA FIVER
IN IT FOR YOU.
- WE'RE ACTUALLY HERE
TO HELP RAINBOW MAN
FILL IN THE BLANKS
FROM LAST NIGHT.
HE'S HAVING A HARD TIME
REMEMBERING.
- I'LL BET.
HE AND THIS SMOKIN' BRUNETTE
MUST'VE HAD 20 TEQUILA SHOTS.
- YOU WOULDN'T HAPPEN
TO REMEMBER
THE SMOKING BRUNETTE'S NAME,
WOULD YOU?
- I BELIEVE HER NAME
WAS GINGER.
- GINGER.
- DO YOU KNOW WHERE THEY WENT
BY CHANCE?
- DON'T WORRY.
I DO.
- WOW, I CAN'T BELIEVE IT.
THIS IS CRAZY.
SO I TOOK HER
BACK TO MY ROOM?
I NEVER DO THAT.
IS IT POSSIBLE I HAVE GAME?
- APPARENTLY
YOU DID LAST NIGHT.
SHE WAS QUITE TAKEN WITH YOU.
- REALLY?
- NO, SHE WAS A PROSTITUTE.
- OH, COME ON.
- THINK ABOUT IT.
YOU MET HER IN A HOTEL BAR.
- PLUS, HER NAME IS GINGER,
DONNY.
THROUGHOUT HISTORY
THERE'S ONLY TWO GINGERS
THAT WEREN'T PROSTITUTES:
GINGER ROGERS AND GINGER
FROM GILLIGAN'S ISLAND.
AND I STILL HAVE MY SUSPICIONS
ABOUT THE LATTER.
IN FACT, GUS,
I'VE MADE MY DECISION.
SHE WAS
A FILTHY PIRATE HOOKER.
- YOU KNOW THAT'S RIGHT.
- YEAH, WELL,
AT LEAST I SCORED, RIGHT?
- DONNY, YOUR FRIEND GINGER
TARGETED YOU, OKAY?
THAT MEANS HER PLAN WAS
TO GET YOU SLOPPY DRUNK,
WAIT TILL YOU PASS OUT,
AND ROB YOU BLIND.
- YEAH, BUT WHY WOULD SHE
TAKE THE COOLER?
- MAYBE SHE THOUGHT IT
CONTAINED SOMETHING VALUABLE.
- THE STUFF I TRANSFER
IS REALLY VALUABLE.
THAT'S PROBABLY RIGHT.
[cell phone playing
Rump Shaker]
- OH, THAT'S ME.
- I CANNOT WAIT TILL YOU
FIND A NEW GIRLFRIEND.
- JULES?
- SHAWN, YOU WERE
TOTALLY RIGHT.
- ABOUT WHAT, ATLANTIS?
- NO, NO!
ABOUT THE GIRL.
SHE HAD THORNBURG.
WE CAN'T BE 100% SURE,
I MEAN,
BUT ALL OF HER SYMPTOMS
ARE CONSISTENT.
CDC'S ON IT'S WAY.
OH, AND HER NAME
WAS JENNIFER COTSITAS.
- LET ME GUESS.
SHE'S A PROSTITUTE
WHO WENT BY THE NAME "GINGER."
- WOW, YOU NAILED IT.
- YEAH, UM, YOU KNOW WHAT?
IT'S REALLY IMPORTANT THAT I
GET THIS GIRL'S ADDRESS.
I NEED TO--I NEED TO GO
BY THERE.
- UH, THAT'S WHERE
I'M CALLING YOU FROM.
AND SHAWN, SHE MUST BE
A GREAT HOOKER.
THIS PLACE IS SWEET.
- YOU KIDDING?
LISTEN TO ME, JULES.
IF YOU SEE ANYTHING
THAT EVEN RESEMBLES A COOLER,
DON'T GO NEAR IT,
OKAY?
- NO, DON'T WORRY.
WE HAVE COMBED THIS PLACE
HEAD TO TOE
AND THERE'S ABSOLUTELY NOTHING
LIKE THAT HERE.
OH, BUT GET THIS,
IN ONE OF HER DRAWERS,
WE FOUND $10,000 IN CASH
IN A FRESH ENVELOPE.
- HOLD ON A SECOND.
YOU WOULDN'T HAPPEN TO BE
MISSING TEN GRAND, WOULD YOU?
- ARE YOU KIDDING?
I CAN'T BE MISSING SOMETHING
I NEVER HAD.
- GUS...
SOMEBODY HIRED HER
TO STEAL THE COOLER.
I'M BACK.
- OH, AND ONE MORE THING.
IN THAT ENVELOPE, WE FOUND ONE
OF THOSE OLD SCHOOL HOTEL KEYS
TO THE EL CAPITAN.
- LET ME GUESS.
ROOM 106?
- NO, BUT THAT'S REALLY CLOSE.
IT'S ROOM 128.
- 128?
OH, HEY, HEY, EXCUSE ME.
UH, WE JUST
CHECKED INTO THIS ROOM.
DO YOU THINK YOU COULD
COME BACK A LITTLE BIT LATER?
- BUT IT'S NOT CLEAN.
- THAT'S OKAY.
NEITHER ARE WE.
- THANK YOU.
- GUS,
CHECK THIS OUT.
- THAT'S WEIRD.
LET ME CALL THE FRONT DESK.
- WHAT'S GOING ON?
- DONNY, WHOEVER
RENTED THIS ROOM
PAID OUR FRIEND GINGER
TO STEAL THE COOLER FROM YOU.
HE GAVE HER A KEY, HE WAITED
FOR HER TO MAKE THE DROP,
AND I'M GUESSING CURIOSITY
GOT THE BEST OF HER
AND SHE OPENED IT UP
BEFORE HANDING IT OVER.
- BUT WHY WOULD SOMEONE
WANT TO BUY THE VIRUS?
- I HAVE A GUESS.
AND MUCH LIKE THIS BEDSPREAD,
IT'S NOT PRETTY.
- THIS ROOM WAS PAID FOR
IN CASH
AND REGISTERED
TO A VAL KILMER.
- IT'S EITHER AN ALIAS
OR VAL HAS OFFICIALLY LOST IT.
- SO WHAT NOW?
- I COULD GO FOR SOME JOE.
- THIS IS A WASTE OF TIME.
WE'RE RUSHING TO CHECK OUT
SOME COFFEE PLACE
THAT SOME MYSTERIOUS PERSON
WHO MAY OR MAY NOT
BE CARRYING A DEADLY VIRUS
MAY OR MAY NOT HAVE VISITED.
- WELL, I FOR ONE, TRUST MR.
SPENCER'S INSTINCTS ON THIS.
- WHO THE HELL IS THIS?
- CARLTON, WE NEED TO LOOK
INTO EVERY POSSIBLE LEAD
AT THIS POINT.
BESIDES, YOU WERE ALREADY WRONG
ONCE TODAY.
- I'VE NEVER SEEN LASSIE
PUT IN HIS PLACE LIKE THAT.
- IT'S HOT.
I'D LIKE HER
TO PUT ME IN MY PLACE.
- THAT MAKES NO SENSE, SHAWN.
- WHOA.
- WHAT?
SPENCER, WHAT THE HELL
ARE YOU DOING?
- HEY.
- SORRY, MAN.
YOU MIGHT WANT TO GET
A BISCOTTI.
YOU COULD BE IN THERE
FOR A WHILE.
- CDC IS PRETTY MUCH
DONE IN THERE.
EVERYONE FROM THE CAFE HAS BEEN
MOVED TO QUARANTINE
AT SANTA BARBARA GENERAL.
- WHY DON'T YOU WIPE THAT SMILE
OFF YOUR FACE, MCNAB?
IS THIS REALLY NECESSARY?
I DIDN'T EVEN GO INSIDE
THE CAFE.
- OH, IT'S NECESSARY.
YEAH, THE CDC DOESN'T WANT
TO TAKE ANY CHANCES, SO...
- FOR THE LAST TIME,
WHO THE HELL IS THIS?
- HI, I'M DONNY LIEBERMAN.
HEY, I'M THE GUY WHO, UH,
SCREWED ALL THIS UP.
- I'M NOT BIG
ON NUDE HANDSHAKES.
- OKAY.
- THEY'RE PROBABLY
JUST BEING SAFE, CARLTON.
OOH, THAT TICKLES.
- SPENCER, ARE YOU
SHAMPOOING YOUR HAIR?
- YES, I AM, LASSIE.
I ALWAYS TRAVEL
WITH A SMALL PACKET
OF JOHNSON & JOHNSON'S
BABY SHAMPOO IN MY WALLET.
- BABY SHAMPOO?
- NO MORE TEARS, JULES.
- WHOA!
TAKE IT EASY, SLUGGER.
WHAT, ARE WE DATING?
- I CAN'T BELIEVE THIS, SHAWN.
FIRST, WE'RE LOOKING
FOR A PROSTITUTE.
NOW, I'M NAKED
IN A PARKING LOT.
- IT'S JUST LIKE
OUR PROM NIGHT.
- SHAWN?
- GUS, RELAX.
DON'T BE NIC CAGE'S ACCENT
FROM CON AIR.
WE'VE BATHED TOGETHER BEFORE.
- WHEN WE WERE THREE.
- IT'S ESSENTIALLY
THE SAME THING.
IT'S JUST IMPOLITE TO PEE.
THAT FEELS GREAT, BY THE WAY.
DO YOU HAVE ANY ALOE?
- DUDE, I'M FREEZING.
GIVE ME YOUR DAMN SWEATSHIRT.
- [mock whining]
FINE.
YOU'RE LUCKY I HAD IT
IN THE CAR.
YOU'LL LIKE HOW IT SMELLS.
SMELL IT.
- DOCTOR...
DETECTIVE CARLTON LASSITER.
- DR. STEVEN REIDMAN.
THORNBURG SPECIALIST, CDC.
- DR. REIDMAN IS THE FOREMOST
THORNBURG AUTHORITY
NOT ONLY IN THIS STATE,
BUT IN ALL SEVEN CONTINENTS.
HE'S HERE TO HELP US.
- IS HE, JULES?
NO OFFENSE, DOCTOR,
BUT THERE'S A LOT OF
FREAKY-DEAKY STUFF GOING ON.
HOW CAN WE BE SURE
THAT YOU'RE A LEGIT M.D.?
- WELL, FOR STARTERS, I CARRY
ONE OF THESE IN MY POCKET.
- HE'S LEGIT.
- EXCUSE ME, DOCTOR,
I FEEL I'M THE MOST AT RISK
BEING THAT THIS VIRUS
IS A PROFILING RACIST.
I'M GOING TO NEED AN MRI,
A CAT SCAN, A PET SCAN,
AND A BIOPSY OF EVERYTHING.
- I'D LIKE SOME
MAC AND CHEESE,
BUT I DON'T THINK THIS IS "ASK
FOR WHATEVER YOU WANT DAY."
- SHAWN...
- [mutters] STOP IT!
WHAT DO WE KNOW SO FAR?
- I HAD THIS HOSPITAL PREPARED
AS SOON AS I HEARD
THAT THE VIRUS
HAD BEEN STOLEN.
NOW, THE CAFE PATRONS
ARE CURRENTLY IN ISOLATION
ALONG WITH THE COURIER
BECAUSE HE WAS
AROUND THE VIRUS A LOT.
NOW, SO FAR, ONLY TWO
ARE SHOWING THE EARLY SYMPTOMS
OF THORNBURG.
- ONLY TWO?
THANK GOD.
- I WILL HAZARD A GUESS
THAT THEY TOUCHED
THE SAMPLE ACCIDENTALLY,
BECAUSE THE VIRUS
IS NOT TYPICALLY EFFECTIVE
AS AN AEROSOL.
- UNLIKE AXE FOR MEN,
WHICH IS HIGHLY EFFECTIVE.
IT'S LIKE CATNIP FOR WOMEN.
- AS I WAS SAYING,
NORMALLY ONE
HAS TO COME IN CONTACT
WITH AN INFECTED PERSON'S
SECRETIONS.
BUT THE GOOD NEWS IS, IF ANY
OF THESE PEOPLE WERE INFECTED,
THERE IS A LAB
LESS THAN TWO HOURS AWAY
IN WHICH THEY ARE DEVELOPING
A NEW ANTIVIRAL
THAT HAS SHOWN POSITIVE RESULTS
IN EARLY TESTING.
- WHEN'S IT GONNA GET HERE?
- EN ROUTE AS WE SPEAK.
AND SINCE OUR CULPRIT
HAS ALREADY USED HIS SAMPLE,
I THINK IT'S SAFE TO SAY
THAT WE HAVE THIS PROBLEM
PRETTY WELL BOTTLED UP.
POTENTIAL DISASTER AVERTED.
- SPEAKING OF DISASTERS,
DOCTOR,
WHAT IS YOUR OPINION
OF DETECTIVE LASSITER'S
HAIR?
- WELL, SCIENTIFICALLY...
IF HE WERE TO GROW IT, HIS EARS
WOULDN'T STICK OUT AS MUCH.
- WELL, IF YOU--
- CARLTON.
WE NEED TO GET AN I.D.
ON THE MAN WHO DID THIS.
IS IT SAFE TO INTERVIEW
THE PATIENTS?
- JUST REMEMBER TO WEAR
THE HAZMAT SUIT.
- SPENCER ONE
TO GROUND CONTROL.
I AM READY TO COMMENCE ORBIT.
- [gurgling]
- WE READ YOU LOUD AND CLEAR,
SPENCER ONE.
GOOD LUCK.
- GREETINGS,
I'M SHAWN SPENCER.
[gurgling]
- STOP [imitates gurgle], SHAWN.
- ROGER THAT, GROUND CONTROL.
[gurgling]
- SO, MELISSA,
HELLO.
DID YOU NOTICE ANYONE
SUSPICIOUS IN THE CAFE TODAY?
ANYONE WHO ENTERED
OR LEFT ABRUPTLY?
- NOT REALLY.
BUT I WAS READING MY BOOK
MOST OF THE TIME.
- I SEE.
AND HOW ARE YOU FEELING?
- NERVOUS, MOSTLY.
- PERFECT LY NORMAL.
DO YOU NEED US TO CONTACT
ANYONE FOR YOU?
A HUSBAND OR A BOYFRIEND?
- UM, I'M SINGLE.
BUT MY SISTER'S ON HER WAY.
- REALLY?
- GUS, YOU SHOULD BE ASHAMED
OF YOURSELF.
LET ME HANDLE THIS.
- MELISSA, HOW MANY SEXUAL
PARTNERS HAVE YOU HAD
IN THE LAST SIX MONTHS?
- SHAWN!
[cell phone playing
Rump Shaker]
- ENOUGH WITH THAT SONG
ALREADY.
- I CAN'T REACH
MY BACK POCKET.
YOU'LL HAVE TO PUNCH ME
IN THE ASS.
- YOU MUST BE OUTTA YOUR MIND.
- JUST SOCK ME IN THE BUTT.
- NO, SHAWN.
- DO YOU GUYS WORK
FOR THE HOSPITAL?
- SO YOU DIDN'T NOTICE ANYTHING
SUSPICIOUS IN THE CAFE.
- NO.
- ACCORDING TO YOUR FILE,
UNDER "MEDICATIONS,"
YOU HAVE LISTED
NEITHER ROGAINE OR MINOXIDIL.
IS THAT CORRECT?
- THAT'S RIGHT.
- REALLY?
YOU DON'T WAN NA TRY
EITHER OF THOSE?
- NO.
WHY?
- DUDE, I THINK THERE'S
SOMETHING WRONG WITH MY SUIT.
THERE'S SOME RANK SMELL
IN HERE NOW.
- YOU'RE LIKE A GIANT
DUTCH OVEN.
- WAIT A SECOND.
I FEEL A BULGE
IN YOUR SWEATSHIRT POCKET.
ARE THOSE YOUR DAMN CORNNUTS?
- OH, I WAS LOOKING FOR THOSE.
- NOTHING SHOULD SMELL
THAT BAD.
- GUS, YOU CAN'T TAKE THAT OFF.
- WHY NOT?
- YOU HAVE TO MAKE A CHOICE
BETWEEN NACHO CHEESE HEAVEN
AND SOMETHING THAT COULD
POTENTIALLY KILL YOU.
WELL?
- I'M THINKING.
- NINE PEOPLE QUESTIONED
AND NOTHING?
WHAT NEXT?
- NEXT TASTE THESE.
- OKAY, THE ANTIVIRALS
ARE HERE.
LET'S GET THEM UNPACKED
AND ADMINISTERED TO THE SICK.
- YESTERDAY, I WAS TOLD
TO GO AND PICK UP A COOLER
FROM A LAB CALLED GENUTECH.
- DUDE...
SAME LAB THAT HAD
THE VIAL OF THORNBURG
IS ALSO SUPPLYING THE CURE.
DON'T YOU THINK THAT'S WEIRD?
- I STILL SMELL LIKE
STINKY NUTS, SHAWN.
- GUS, WE DON'T HAVE FOUR HOURS
TO RIFF ON THAT.
LET'S GO.
DUDE, CHECK IT OUT.
IT'S CHRISTOPHER LLOYD.
- SHAWN, THAT MAN DOES NOT
LOOK LIKE CHRISTOPHER LLOYD.
AND SHOW SOME RESPECT.
HE'S 14 TIMES SMARTER THAN YOU.
- ALL RIGHT.
I'M SORRY.
- CAN I HELP YOU?
- WE'RE WORKING WITH THE COPS
AND THE CDC
ON THIS OUTBREAK THING.
- OH, LOOK,
ALREADY TOLD THOSE GUYS
THAT WE SHIPPED
ALL THE ANTIVIRALS
THAT WE HAD
IN STORAGE.
- YOU SHIPPED EVERYTHING YOU
HAVE FOR TWO SICK PATIENTS?
- APPARENTLY THEY'RE
GOING TO NEED EVERY DROP.
DR. REIDMAN SAYS
THAT THE FIRST PATIENT NEEDED
FOUR TIMES THE DOSES
THAT WE'D ESTIMATED.
AND THEY WANT TO ADMINISTER IT
TO EVERYONE JUST TO BE SAFE.
- SO YOU'RE MAKING MORE?
- NOT YET.
WE WERE SHUT DOWN A WEEK AGO.
- FOR STRIKING A CLOCK TOWER
WITH LIGHTNING?
- NO.
WE LOST OUR FUNDING
BECAUSE THE GOVERNMENT
DIDN'T SEE THORNBURG
AS A SERIOUS THREAT.
BUT ALL THESE PEOPLE GETTING
SICK IS GREAT NEWS.
GREAT FOR THE LAB, I MEAN.
AND GREAT FOR DR. MALLON.
- DR. MALLON?
- THIS IS HIS LAB.
HE GOT THE FUNDING
TO OPEN UP THIS PLACE.
HE'S BEEN WORKING ON THE
ANTIVIRAL DRUG FOR YEARS.
BUT IF THIS THING
GETS WORSE,
WE MIGHT START BACK UP.
- EXCUSE US.
WE'RE GONNA SIDE BAR, EH?
SO THIS DR. MALLON
SPENDS YEARS WORKING ON A CURE.
HE DEVELOPS IT,
THEN HIS LAB GETS SHUT DOWN.
THEN MIRACULOUSLY,
A FEW DAYS LATER,
A THORNBURG OUTBREAK
HAPPENS?
- HE TOOK A SAMPLE OF THE VIRUS
TO INFECT PEOPLE,
AND THEN FORCE THE GOVERNMENT
TO PUT HIS LAB BACK IN BUSINESS.
- OOH...
WE'RE BACK!
- HI.
- SO TELL ME, SINCE DR. MALLON
ISN'T HERE,
WHEREABOUTS
MIGHT WE FIND HIM?
- I'M NOT SURE.
I'VE BEEN TRYING TO CALL HIM.
BUT YOU CAN LOOK
FOR HIS ADDRESS IN THAT BOX.
IT'S THE STUFF THAT
WAS LEFT OVER FROM HIS OFFICE
AFTER IT WAS EMPTIED.
- THANKS.
- YEAH.
DUDE, DO YOU THINK THEY HAVE
ANY RADIOACTIVE SPIDERS HERE?
- SHAWN, FOCUS.
- LET'S SEE WHAT WE GOT HERE.
A FAN OF THE THEATER.
- GUS...
- NO, WHY?
- WE'VE ALREADY GOT THIS GUY
QUARANTINED.
[line ringing]
- SHAWN, WE'RE A LITTLE BUSY
RIGHT NOW.
THE SECOND PERSON WHO TESTED
POSITIVE FOR THORNBURG
JUST BROKE OUT OF THE HOSPITAL
BEFORE WE TREATED HIM
WITH THE ANTIVIRAL.
- YEAH, UH, LET ME TAKE
A PSYCHIC STAB AT THAT--
PASTY WHITE GUY DESPERATELY
IN NEED OF HAIR PLUGS?
- WOW, THAT'S RIGHT.
- YEAH, WELL, DON'T WORRY
ABOUT HIM BEING SICK.
I'M SENSING THAT HE HAS
HIS OWN STASH OF THE CURE.
- HOW IS THAT POSSIBLE?
- BECAUSE NOT ONLY
DID HE INVENT IT,
I'M SENSING THAT HE ALSO
STOLE THE THORNBURG
AND THEN RELEASED IT.
- OH, GOD.
- IT'S OKAY.
LUCKILY THERE WAS ONLY
ONE VIAL OF THE VIRUS.
AND HE'S ALREADY USED THAT.
- EXCUSE ME.
- WE SHIPPED THREE VIALS
OF THE VIRUS,
NOT ONE.
- THERE'S TWO MORE?
- SCRATCH THAT, JULES.
WE HAVE A BIG, BIG PROBLEM.
- YOU KNOW, YOU'VE NEVER
ACTUALLY LED A MANHUNT BEFORE,
SO MAYBE I SHOULD BE THE ONE
TO INSTRUCT THE TROOPS
ON FINDING MALLON.
- NO, I ORDERED THE CORONER
TO DIAGNOSE THE FIRST VICTIM.
I CALLED IN THE CDC.
I SHOULD DO THE BRIEFING.
- OKAY.
JUST REMEMBER--
EXUDE CONFIDENCE AND STRENGTH,
BUT ALSO HEART AND WARMTH.
YOU WANT TO GET BEHIND
THE TROOPS.
TRY TO PROJECT INTELLIGENCE
WITHOUT SOUNDING TOO...
- POMPOUS?
- EXACTLY.
YOU MIGHT JUST GET THIS.
- ALL RIGHT, EVERYBODY,
LISTEN UP.
- GIVE US YOUR ATTENTION,
PLEASE.
- ATTENTION.
- EYES ON DETECTIVE O'HARA.
YOU'RE GONNA DO GREAT.
- THIS IS DR. ANTHONY MALLON.
FINDING HIM IS THE DEPARTMENT'S
NUMBER ONE PRIORITY.
- FIND HIM BUT DO NOT
CONFRONT HIM.
- YES, THANK YOU, DETECTIVE.
DO NOT CONFRONT HIM.
IF YOU DO LOCATE HIM--
- CALL FOR BACKUP.
- THANK YOU, AGAIN, DETECTIVE.
DO NOT STARTLE HIM.
- HE IS CARRYING
A VERY DANGEROUS--
- VIRUS!
- IF I MAY, DETECTIVE.
LOCATING AND BRINGING HIM IN
SAFELY IS CRUCIAL.
AND KEEP IN MIND THE BEST PLACE
FOR MALLON TO RELEASE HER
IS IN A PUBLIC CROWDED PLACE,
PREFERABLY WITH A LOT OF PEOPLE
COMING AND GOING FREQUENTLY.
YES?
- HER?
- THORNBURG.
- YOU REFER TO THE VIRUS
IN THE FEMININE TENSE?
- INDEED.
IF YOU KNEW HER AS I DO,
THERE'S NO MISTAKING HER
FOR ANYTHING OTHER THAN A SHE.
- THAT DOESN'T MAKE ANY SENSE.
- NEITHER DO WOMEN.
- I HEAR THAT.
- HM.
A FAN OF THE THEATER.
I'M GETTING SOMETHING.
UH, I THINK I KNOW WHAT
THE NEXT TARGET MIGHT BE.
I SEE THE BUS STATION...
AND THE SANTA BARBARA
PUBLIC THEATRE.
- BOTH OF THOSE TARGETS
WOULD WORK
BECAUSE BOTH HAVE HEAW FOOT
TRAFFIC.
BUT I WOULD BET ON
THE BUS STATION
BECAUSE THERE'S GREATER
POPULATION TURNOVER.
- ALL RIGHT, EVERYBODY.
YOU HEARD HIM.
- LET'S MOVE.
- LET'S--
- EXCUSE ME.
YOU SAY YOU DIVINED THIS
PSYCHICALLY?
- THAT'S RIGHT.
- FASCINATING.
IF YOU SHOULD PASS AWAY,
I WOULD LOVE TO DISSECT
YOUR TEMPORAL LOBE.
- SURE.
I CAN'T POSSIBLY SEE WHY NOT.
BUT I'M HOPING YOU GET US ALL
THROUGH THIS THING ALIVE.
- YES, IN THAT CASE, I WOULD
LOVE TO GET MY HANDS
ON A SAMPLE OF YOUR DNA.
- WEIRD.
UNCOMFORTABLE.
CONSIDER IT DONE.
- YOU KNOW, I'M ACTUALLY THE
BRAINS BEHIND THIS OPERATION,
SO YOU MIGHT WANT TO GET MINE.
- I COULD CARE LESS
ABOUT YOUR SECRETIONS.
HOWEVER, I WOULD LOVE TO GET
MY CRANIOMETER AROUND
THAT GIANT RAISINET OF YOURS.
OR IS IT A GOOBER?
POSSIBLY A MILK BALL.
- I SAY MILK BALL.
IT'S MILK BALL.
- COVER THOSE EXITS.
I DO NOT WANT THIS GUY
GETTING AWAY FROM US AGAIN.
AND WHATEVER YOU DO,
DON'T START A PANIC.
GO!
[glass crunches]
OH, HELL.
CITIZENS, STAY AWAY
FROM THIS AREA.
YOU MAY HAVE ALREADY
BEEN EXPOSED
TO A DEADLY BIOLOGICAL AGENT.
IS IT IMPORTANT
THAT YOU DO NOT LEAVE
BECAUSE YOU COULD SPREAD IT
TO YOUR LOVED ONES
AND KILL THEM.
- DETECTIVE,
THIS IS A BROKEN LIGHTBULB.
- AS YOU WERE.
WHAT?
SOME LIGHTBULBS
HAVE HALOGEN GAS IN THEM.
- AND TUNGSTEN.
THERE'S A FUN WORD.
TUNGSTEN,
TUNGSTEN, TUNGSTEN.
CORRECT ION--IT'S ONLY FUN
TO SAY IT TWICE.
- SPENCER, WHY DON'T YOU
GET OUT OF SIGHT, ALL RIGHT?
MALLON KNOWS WHAT YOU
LOOK LIKE,
AND YOU'RE NOT TRAINED IN
COVERT SURVEILLANCE.
- REALLY?
WHAT PART OF TRAINING
IS ANNOUNCING OUR PRESENCE
WITH A MEGAPHONE?
- JUST GO HIDE IN A BATHROOM
AND STAY OUT OF OUR WAY.
- ALL RIGHT, WE'LL GO.
BUT NOT BECAUSE YOU TOLD US TO.
GUS HAS TO TINKLE.
- YEAH.
HE MUST BE OUT OF HIS MIND
IF HE THINKS I'M GOING TO HIDE
IN A BUS STATION BATHROOM
ALL DAY.
- HA HA!
GUS, THAT'S HIM.
THAT'S HIM!
- HOLD IT!
NO!
- NO!
[all shouting]
-AAH!
- YOU SHOULD BE ALL RIGHT,
SHAWN.
THE SEAL ON THE VIAL
IS UNBROKEN.
WE ARE LUCKY AS LINT
THAT YOU GRABBED IT.
- OH, I'M NO HERO, STEVE.
I DIDN'T DO ANYTHING
THAT ANYONE WITH INCREDIBLE
UPPER BODY STRENGTH
AND NATIVE AMERICAN CHEEKBONES
WOULDN'T DO.
MM.
- HERO?
BECAUSE OF YOU, WE LOST MALLON.
HE PROBABLY RAN
WHEN HE SAW YOU.
YOU BLEW THE WHOLE OPERATION,
SPENCER.
I TOLD YOU
TO GO HIDE IN THE TOILET.
ALL UNITS,
MOVE TO SECONDARY TARGET.
THAT'S THE THEATER
ON MAIN STREET.
- GUS, SOMETHING DOESN'T
MAKE SENSE TO ME.
HE WAS ON HIS WAY OUT
WHEN I SPOTTED HIM.
WHY DID HE LEAVE BEFORE
RELEASING THE JUJU MUGUMBO?
- HE ABORTED HIS PLAN.
- THAT GUY SAW MALLON
HOVERING BY A NEWSSTAND.
SAID HE WAS SWEATING
PRETTY BADLY.
- REALLY?
I'M SENSING
HE WAS LIMPING AS WELL.
BARLEY NOTICEABLE.
HE'S SICK, JULES.
HE HAS THORNBURG.
- I THOUGHT HE HAD THE CURE.
- UH, APPARENTLY THEY'RE GONNA
NEED EVERY DROP.
DR. REIDMAN SAYS
THAT THE FIRST PATIENT
NEEDED FOUR TIMES THE DOSAGE
THAT WE'D ESTIMATED.
- HE DOES.
BUT HE DIDN'T REALIZE
IT WOULDN'T BE ENOUGH.
- HE MUST'VE STARTED SHOWING
SYMPTOMS WHEN HE GOT HERE
AND THEN HE BOOKED.
- I CAN SEE HIM.
IT'S EITHER HIM
OR MICHAEL IRONSIDE.
- WHY WOULD YOU BE HAVING
A VISION OF MICHAEL IRONSIDE?
- EXACTLY.
I KNOW WHERE HE'S GOING.
LOOKING FOR THIS?
IT'S THE LAST OF YOUR CURE.
IT'S WHY YOU CAME BACK
TO THE HOSPITAL, ISN'T IT?
YOU'VE BEEN SELF-MEDICATING,
BUT YOU'RE STILL INFECTED
BECAUSE YOU DIDN'T REALIZE
HOW MUCH OF THIS STUFF IT TAKES
TO FIGHT YOUR LITTLE VIRUS.
- GIVE IT TO ME.
NOW!
- WHOA, WHOA, WHOA, WHOA.
WE KNOW EVERYTHING, MAN.
WE KNOW YOU DID ALL OF THIS
TO SAVE YOUR LAB.
- THAT WASN'T WHY.
WHEN THEY SHUT ME DOWN,
THEY LEFT YOU AND ME
AND THE ENTIRE COUNTRY
WIDE OPEN.
[coughing]
DO YOU KNOW HOW EASILY
THIS STUFF
COULD BE TURNED INTO A WEAPON?
BUT NOW, AFTER THIS,
WE'LL BE READY.
[coughing]
- WOW...
THAT'S NOT YOUR GARDEN VARIETY
CRAZY PERSON LOGIC.
- I'LL TELL YOU WHAT.
I'LL MAKE YOU A TRADE.
CURE FOR THE LAST VIAL
OF YOUR VIRUS.
- LET ME SEE IT.
- SAME TIME.
DON'T TOUCH ME, MAN.
- SHAWN.
- IS IT THERE?
[glass break]
- OW!
JULES, WHAT'S GOING ON?
- SHAWN,
DON'T COME ANY CLOSER.
- HEY!
GIVE ME THAT MEDICINE BACK!
GIVE IT TO ME NOW!
- IDIOT!
THERE ISN'T ENOUGH HERE
TO HELP ANYBODY.
- WELL, THERE'S GOTTA BE MORE
SOMEWHERE.
JUST TELL ME HOW.
I COULD SAVE YOU BOTH.
- VICTORIA.
- WHO'S THAT?
- TWO HOURS FROM HERE.
TOO FAR.
[grunting]
- JULES...
- I THINK IT'S PROBABLE
SHE CONTRACT ED IT--
IN WHICH CASE, SHE'S GONNA
NEED THE ANTIVIRAL ASAP.
BASED ON MY OBSERVATIONS
OF THE OTHER PATIENTS,
I'VE CONCLUDED THAT JUST MASK
AND GLOVES WILL BE SUFFICIENT
IF YOU DECIDE TO ENTER
THE DRAGON.
- WE NEED TO FIND OUT
WHO MALLON WAS TALKING ABOUT
WHEN HE SAID "VICTORIA."
- IT COULD BE ANYBODY.
A GIRLFRIEND, RELATIVE,
WHO KNOWS.
I GOT EVERY DETECTIVE IN
THE DEPARTMENT LOOKING INTO IT.
I JUST HOPE WHOEVER IT IS
HAS THE CURE.
- VICTORIA!
- VICTORIA'S NOT A PERSON.
- WHAT DO YOU MEAN?
- VICTORIA IS A LAKE.
ISN'T THERE A LAKE VICTORIA
AROUND HERE SOMEWHERE?
- A POND, REALLY.
IT'S ABOUT TWO HOURS FROM HERE.
- TWO HOURS FROM HERE.
- I USED TO PRACTICE
FIGURE SKATING THERE
THERE WHEN I WAS LITTLE.
I MEAN, ICE HOCKEY.
- I'M GETTING A VERY STRONG HIT
THAT HE HAS A PLACE THERE.
- LET'S GO CHECK IT OUT.
- YEAH, UH, GUS, UH,
STAY WITH JULES,
AND CALL ME
IF HER CONDITION CHANGES.
- ALL RIGHT.
- APPARENTLY MALLON BOUGHT
THIS PLACE ABOUT TEN YEARS AGO.
- THAT MAKES PERFECT SENSE.
HE STASHED A BUNCH
OF THE CURE UP HERE,
KNOWING IT WOULD BE
THE PERFECT HIDEOUT
AFTER HE RELEASED THE VIRUS.
WE SHOULD--WE SHOULD
CREEP AROUND BACK.
[vicious barking]
WHO ARE YOU, MICHAEL VICK?
- I'M NOT GONNA SHOOT HIM.
HE DOESN'T KNOW THAT.
- HE DOESN'T KNOW ANYTHING.
HE'S A DOG.
- WELL, DO YOU HAVE
ANY BETTER IDEAS?
- MAYBE.
[barking and snarling]
DO YOU STILL KEEP
ALL OUR SOFTBALL GEAR
IN THE TRUNK OF YOUR CAR?
- YEAH, WHY?
WHERE ARE YOU GOING?
WHOA, SIT!
SIT!
[barking]
- WHATEVER YOU DO,
DON'T FREAK OUT.
- I'M NOT FREAKING OUT.
- BECAUSE IT'S NORMAL
IF YOU DO.
- I THINK YOU'RE THE ONE
WHO'S FREAKING OUT, GUS.
- YEAH, BECAUSE THORNBURG
IS FREAKY.
BUT DON'T WORRY.
IT LIKES WHITE PEOPLE.
- YOU THINK SHAWN AND LASSITER
ARE HAVING ANY LUCK?
- I KNOW ONE THING.
IF THE CURE IS OUT THERE,
SHAWN WILL STOP AT NOTHING
TO FIND IT.
- ON THREE.
TH REE!
[dog barking]
GO, LASSIE!
RUN LIKE THE WIND!
[screaming like a little girl]
- DUDE, DID YOU GET IT?
- WHAT?
YEAH, YEAH, I GOT IT.
I GOT IT.
UH, LASSITER'S RUNNING IT
DOWN TO REIDMAN NOW.
- NICE.
ARE YOU OKAY?
- I'M DOING--I'M DOING GREAT.
I THINK I JUST HAD A
LIFE-CHANGING EXPERIENCE, GUS.
- WHAT DO YOU MEAN?
- YEAH, I WAS--I WAS RUNNING.
I WAS BEING CHASED
BY A VERY ANGRY ROI IWEILER
WEARING, UH, CATCHER'S GEAR
AND I HAD, UH, UH, AN EPIPHANY.
- WAIT A SECOND--THE ROI IWEILER
WAS WEARING CATCHER'S GEAR?
- NO, GUS, THAT WOULD BE CRAZY.
I WAS WEARING THE GEAR.
- OH, OKAY, THAT WORKS.
OKAY.
- SO I'M RUNNING
AND I REALIZE TWO THINGS.
ONE, I HAVE A GIANT PIECE
OF BEEF JERKY
IN MY LEFT FRONT POCKET.
SO I GRAB AND I TOSS IT,
AND THEN ALL OF A SUDDEN
THE ROI IWEILER DOESN'T CARE
ABOUT ME ANYMORE.
TWO, I REALIZE. ..
IN LIFE WE NEVER HAVE
AS MUCH TIME AS WE THINK WE DO.
- WHAT DO YOU MEAN?
- I MEAN JULES.
I MEAN, ALL THIS TIME, RIGHT?
WE TALK, WE DO OUR THING.
AND I'M LIKE, YOU KNOW, IF
SOMETHING'S SUPPOSED TO HAPPEN
BETWEEN US,
IT WILL HAPPEN.
JUST, BOOM, LIKE MAGIC BEANS
COMING DOWN ON ME.
BUT THE TRUTH IS, MY GOD,
SHE COULD DIE TODAY AND SHE
WOULD NEVER KNOW HOW I FEEL.
- SO WHAT ARE YOU
GONNA DO ABOUT IT?
- I'M GONNA DO THIS.
- GOOD NEWS, PUFFY.
- YEAH, I HEARD.
THEY GOT THE CURE.
- I HADN'T HEARD THAT,
BUT IT DOESN'T MATTER ANYWAY.
DETECTIVE O'HARA
DOESN'T HAVE THORNBURG.
- REALLY?
- ALL THE TESTS
CAME BACK NEGATIVE.
SHE'S GOT
QUITE AN IMMUNE SYSTEM.
- THAT'S INCREDIBLE.
UH, DO YOU MIND IF I'M
THE FIRST ONE TO TELL HER?
- BE MY GUEST.
- GREAT.
- EXCUSE ME, SHAWN.
- NOT NOW, GUS.
- THIS WILL ONLY TAKE A MINUTE.
- CAN IT WAIT?
I'M ABOUT TO TELL JULIET
SOMETHING IMPORTANT.
WHY DON'T YOU GO DOWN
TO THE CAFETERIA
AND GET HER
SOME TRI-COLORED JELL-O?
- SHAWN.
- PLEASE!
I'VE GOTTA GET THROUGH THIS,
MAN, COME ON.
THE...
LOOK, JULES, THERE ARE THINGS
THAT YOU NEED TO KNOW,
AND I HAVE TO SAY THEM.
- JULIET, YOU DON'T HAVE
THE THORNBURG VIRUS.
- WHAT?
- ARE YOU KIDDING?
- NO, DR. REIDMAN
JUST TOLD ME.
- OH, MY GOD!
- IT LOOKS LIKE YOU HAVE
MORE TIME THAN YOU THOUGHT.
- OH, MY GOD!
OH, I AM SO HAPPY.
I AM NOT GOING TO DIE
IN THIS DISGUSTING ROBE.
- THAT'S SO--
THAT IS SO GOOD!
BUT, UH, I STILL WANT TO SAY
WHAT I WAS GONNA SAY,
IF THAT'S OKAY.
- SURE.
- OKAY.
UH, JULES, UH, HOW DO
I WANT TO SAY THIS? OKAY.
YOU KNOW HOW WHEN
WE WERE KIDS
THERE WERE
ALL THOSE COOL PRIZES
AT THE BOTTOM
OF CEREAL BOXES?
- YEAH.
- OKAY.
WELL, THERE--THERE ARE
TWO KINDS OF KIDS.
THERE'S THE KID
WHO FLIPPED THE BOX OVER
AND OPENED IT FROM THE BOTTOM
AND GRABBED THE PRIZE
RIGHT AWAY.
AND THEN THERE WAS THE KID
WHO WAITED PATIENTLY
AND ATE BOWL AFTER BOWL
OF CEREAL
UNTIL THE PRIZE
JUST TUMBLED OUT ON ITS OWN.
THERE'S ALSO A THIRD KID
NAMED MIKEY
WHO WILL EAT ANYTHING,
INCLUDING THE PRIZE.
BUT, UH, HE'S NOT REALLY
IMPORTANT RIGHT NOW.
- OKAY. AND?
- I DIDN'T WAIT.
I DIDN'T WAIT
FOR MY DECODER RING
OR MY FRANKENBERRY
ACTION FIGURE WHEN I WAS A KID.
SO WHAT
AM I WAITING FOR NOW?
ALL I KNOW IS THAT I DON'T
WANT TO MISS OUT ON THE PRIZE.
- WHAT ARE YOU
TRYING TO SAY, SHAWN?
- THAT I--
- HMM?
- THAT...
I DON'T KNOW.
- HEY.
I HEARD THE GOOD NEWS.
COME HERE.
- HI.
OOH!
- OOH, SORRY. JUST--
- WHOA, YEAH.
- OH, OH, SORRY.
TOO MUCH?
- A LITTLE BIT.
- JUST DON'T SAY ANYTHING.
- I WASN'T.
- HEY, GUYS.
I HEARD YOU WERE HERE.
- DON NY.
HOW ARE YOU, MAN?
- GOOD.
NO, MORE THAN GOOD
THANKS TO YOU GUYS.
- YOU'RE THANKING US
FOR BEING IN QUARANTINE?
- WELL, YES.
BECAUSE GET THIS--
WHILE I WAS BACK THERE,
I, UH, I MET A GIRL.
- OH, DONNY, NO.
- OH, NO.
NO, NO, DON'T BE SILLY.
OKAY, THIS ONE
IS COMPLETELY DIFFERENT.
SHE, UM, SHE JUST GOT HERE
FROM RUSSIA.
YEAH, AN D--OKAY.
OKAY.
THERE'S A LITTLE BIT
OF A LANGUAGE BARRIER
BUT SHE IS SO SWEET,
YOU KNOW?
AND APPARENTLY
SHE ONLY WORKS NIGHTS.
SO CLEARLY I'M FIRED,
AND WE CAN NOW SPEND
ALL OUR DAYS TOGETHER,
AND SHE'S ALREADY TALKING
ABOUT MOVING IN.
- DONNY, HAVE YOU CONSIDERED
THE OUTSIDE POSSIBILITY
THAT THIS GIRL
COULD BE USING YOU?
- USING ME?
SHAWN, I HARDLY THINK SO.
- YOU GOT YOUR WATCH BACK,
RIGHT?
- YES.
- SO WHERE IS IT?
WH--
- OLGA...
- OLGA.
GOOD LUCK, DON NY.
- GREAT NEWS.
ALL THE PATIENTS WERE RELEASED
FROM THE HOSPITAL
WITH A CLEAN BILL OF HEALTH.
AND HERE YOU GO.
PROFESSIONALLY DRY CLEANED.
THIS IS WHAT YOU DO WHEN YOU
BORROW SOMEONE'S CLOTHES.
- THIS SHOULD BE WRINKLED
AND STINKY.
- ARE YOU STILL OBSESSING
OVER THE JULIET THING?
- NO.
- YES, YOU ARE.
LOOK, LET'S GO CHECK OUT
THE SYDNEY J. FURIE
FILM FESTIVAL.
I'M TALKING IRON EAGLE II,
LADY SINGS THE BLUES,
AND IRON EAGLE IV.
- WELL, IF THE TAKING
OF BEVERLY HILLS IS INCLUDED,
COUNT ME IN.
- STEVE!
WHAT ARE YOU
AND YOUR PORN 'STACHE
DOING HERE IN OUR OFFICE?
- A DEAL IS A DEAL.
- IT IS, INDEED.
WHAT ARE YOU TALKING ABOUT?
- I AM NOT LEAVING HERE
WITHOUT YOUR DNA.
- RIGHT...
I DID SAY
THAT I WOULD, UH...
WELL, YOU'RE IN LUCK.
I JUST DRANK ABOUT A LITER
OF TEAS' TEA.
- LET'S TAKE SOME MEASUREMENTS
OF THAT DOME.
- WHAT?
- SHALL WE?
HOLD STILL.
- SHAWN!